





Netflix - Watch TV Shows Online, Watch Movies Online
















English
Hindhi
Tamil



Sign In






Unlimited movies, TV
shows and more.

Watch anywhere. Cancel anytime


Ready to watch? Enter your emails to create or restart your
membership




E-mail


Get Started











Enjoy on Your TV.

Watch on smart TVs, PlayStation, Xbox, Chromecast, Apple TV,
Blu-ray players and more.
























Stranger Things
Downloading...








Download your shows to watch offline

Save your favourites easily and always have something to watch







Watch everywhere.

Stream unnlimited movies and TV shows on your phone, tablet,
laptop, and TV.




















Create profile for children

Send children on adventure with their favourite characters in a
space made just for them--free with your membership












What is Netflix?

Netflix is a streaming service that offers a wide variety of
award-winning TV shows, movies, anime, documentaries and more - on
thousands of internet-connected devices.


You can watch as much as you want, whenever you want, without a
single ad - all for one low monthly price. There's always
something new to discover, and new TV shows and movies are added
every week!





How much Does Netflix cost?

Watch Netflix on your smartphone, tablet, Smart TV, laptop, or
streaming device, all for one fixed monthly fee. Plans range from
₹ 199 to ₹ 799 a month. No extra costs, no contracts.





Where Can I Watch?

Watch anywhere, anytime, on an unlimited number of devices. Sign
in with your Netflix account to watch instantly on the web at
netflix.com from your personal computer or on any
internet-connected device that offers the Netflix app, including
smart TVs, smartphones, tablets, streaming media players and game
consoles.


You can also download your favourite shows with the iOS, Android,
or Windows 10 app. Use downloads to watch while you're on the go
and without an internet connection. Take Netflix with you
anywhere.





How do I Cancel?

Netflix is flexible. There are no annoying contracts and no
commitments. You can easily cancel your account online in two
clicks. There are no cancellation fees - start or stop your
account anytime.





What can i watch in Netflix?

Netflix has an extensive library of feature films, documentaries,
TV shows, anime, award-winning Netflix originals, and more. Watch
as much as you want, anytime you want.






Ready to watch? Enter your emails to create or restart your membership




E-mail


Get Started






Questions? Call:
+91 8428729033



FAQ
Investor Relations
Privacy
Speed Test


Help Centre
Jobs
Cookie Preferences
Legal Notices


Account
Ways to Watch
Corporate Information
Only on Netflix


Media Centre
Terms of Use
Contact Us




Made with ❤️ by
Pradeep Saravanan


